okay guys so this video is gonna be very
very cool it's something I found
extremely useful it's going to be a way
to program your Motorola DVR remote to
be able to have a few buttons here and
there do what you want it to do now keep
in mind you're not gonna be able to do
it exactly what you want to do you can't
program like program it to do everything
there's only a few things you can do
that it's capable of being programmed to
so for instance I have a cable one
remote here this works with Comcast it
works with a whole bunch of different
cable providers just make sure you have
a Motorola DVR and it will most likely
work but I usually a program is a a
through D buttons to do things because
mine don't do anything and also the ugly
picture picture stuff down here because
they don't do anything on my DVR either
so it's very easy to do I'll teach you a
couple in this video and there is also a
link in the description below to all of
the stuff you can do with the remote but
let's go in and get onto it now let's do
the 30-second skip first you're gonna
want to press the cable button right
yonder and then you're gonna want to
hold down the setup button right here
until the Kaila button blinks twice
there you go and then you're going to
want to press nine nine four and the
cable button blinks twice and then you
are going to want to press sit up again
press it don't hold it and next you want
to enter 0 0 1 7 3 and then press the
button you want to program to do that
I'll press a in the cable button will
blink twice again so now if I want to
skip I will show you on the TV now ok
guys so I'm on the TV right now somebody
go ahead and rewind just a little bit so
I will be able to skip forward 30
seconds and now let me press play and
you can see the a button right here
it and skips 30 seconds now this is very
useful you want to skip commercials and
stuff like that you just press that a
couple times and you will skip over all
the commercials but anyway let's get on
to the tuner swap now okay guys so now
we're gonna do the tuner swap this is
really really easy too all you have to
do is change the numbers so let's go
ahead and press the cable button again
and then hold down setup until the cable
button blinks twice and there it is
right there
and now we're going to want to enter in
the code nine nine four next we're going
to want to press the setup button again
don't hold it down just press it once
and now we want to enter in the code
zero zero two three six
okay so zero zero two three six then
press the button you would like to
program that to do our program the tuner
swap with so I will press B and the
cable button blinks twice as you can see
there so now let's go back now the TV
okay guys and let's go ahead and do the
actual tunic's well from the TV this is
pretty easy too so I'm gonna go ahead
and press pause right here in this
channel and there it goes
pauses now I'm going to press the button
I programmed to do this with so which is
B so let me go ahead and press B now and
it saves that spot it's gonna go live
for a second but that's okay let me
change the channel now took 492 which is
a different one and press B again which
is when I program to work with it and
there you go
it goes back to the pause spot that you
wanted so very cool very easy to do
yeah that's pretty much it if you want
to find out the other things you can
program onto your DVR remote just go to
the link in the description below
there's a lot of stuff you can program
to do with it
macros whole bunch of other stuff so
just go ahead and check out that link
and learn how to do all the press the
stuff you can with it and I will see you
guys in the next video
make sure to comment like subscribe and
leave video suggestions in the comments
below
hasta la vista
okay guys so we're gonna continue making
videos in the series for App Inventor to